## Introduction:

Using web applications via python in the language classroom instead of traditional paper-based materials is more efficient and effective in the digital age. First, it’s more accessible and convenient for both teachers and students. Teachers can easily access their created code and edit the material as needed for each class so that it meets learning styles and needs of a particular class. For example, Teachers can easily create a word cloud for students to predict the story like we did in our lesson. Also, students can access class material anywhere and at any time once it’s put on an interface like hugging space. Using materials online with python code, already makes the material more interactive with quizzes and multimedia content like ai generated images. Additionally, having the teacher run some of the code on the projector (like TTS for listening to the story), gets the students interested, active, and attentive. Using apps creates overall ease for the teacher. In addition, digital content is more dynamic and engaging for students, leading to more motivation to learn. 

•	Our lesson is a listening lesson plan about The Tree of Dreams. By the end of the class, Ss will be able to listen for specific information in a story, recall information from the story, and generate an image using their own descriptive words. 
<br>Our lesson is scaffolded by giving pair work (shared  tablets ensure interaction), tasks going from general to detailed, with written directions, and lots of repetition as well as modelling from the teacher. We have 5 apps meant to give the Ss a diverse number of interactions with the different types of python coding apps. Our lesson plan page has more details about the rationale behind each stage of the lesson so please check it out later when you have time. Our coding page allows you to look at our coding process but we also created a separate student page for students to access and follow along easily so please open that page now to follow along with our mock lesson.

## Conclusion: 

As you can see, using Python to create materials for the classroom offers the benefit of versatility as there is a wide range beyond even the programs we created for this lesson. Though it has a learning curve, the readability of Python makes it accessible for teachers to create a wide range of revisable educational materials so that class never becomes boring. In a digital age, it is crucial for teachers to constantly evolve with technology use. Overall, using web applications and Python programming in the classroom can significantly enhance the efficiency, effectiveness, and engagement of teaching and learning activities as well as learning outcomes for students. Python being an easier language to use, means Ss can learn coding, taking charge of their own learning which will lead to more autonomous learners. Thank you.
